# Car Dealership System

The goal of this lab was to introduce and practice the conceppt of class inheritance within Object-Oriented Programming (OOP). First, we had to define a base class with some instance variables and a few methods, Next, we had to create two derived classes from the base class, adding in class specific instance variables and methods, as well as overriding a method of the base class. Once all of our class definitions were created correctly, we then could start on the main program which would utilize the created classes. The main program is a basic inventory search for a car dealership. The program asks the user if they would like to view a list of motorcycles or trucks. Once chosen, the corresponding list should print. From there the user is able to select a vehicle from the list to add to their compare list. Once they are done selecting vehicles, they then can compare and print out all the info of the vehicles they selected.

The most challenging part of this lab was really thinking through the program logic, specifically how to loop input validation in each level of the program appropriately. Using the debug feature with key pause points really helped to see how the code was working step by step really helped to figure out the logic needed for this program.

This program can run from the main.py file. The program may break or not function 100% correctly if you're trying hard to break it. If you follow the prompts exactly then the program runs as expected.
